hello yesterday I shall add great quote
unquote micro blocks in vanilla
minecraft this was for the most part
positively received so what I'm going to
do today is expand on the idea and
actually show you some mutant falling
sand entity z' to start out we have
fence posts and balls now everything I'm
going to show you today kind of follows
the same principle the entity will take
the form of the last hitbox you used so
let me demonstrate that
so most of we have the regular fence
post and and if I actually hover over
one of these you'll see they actually
morphs into the hitbox you can actually
see the little hitbox outline there so
if I go to there it changes to this one
over here go here change that one and
the center one is kind of like this
quarter vertical slab so there are a few
variations of this and if you have those
ones and they also the the other
direction as well but they're just the
same we also have the crossroad which
produces a kind of it's not actually a
half vertical slab because it's more
than that but it's like a wedge thing
and and we also have the corner see the
corner the corner is different from
wedge there we go and basically this is
the same for each of these so I just
change independently depending on the
block and likewise the stone one is
similar but because mossy stone is
actually mossy stone fence is actually
the same block as regular they change
they both change at the same time the
next two are more stable because they
don't actually change so these two are
just chests and end chests and as you
can see they are a slightly scaled down
version of the wood block and the
Obsidian block next we have the panes
and the bars so these work practically
the same as the fence posts in the walls
so if I actually come over here you'll
see they actually changes into these
weird shapes and likewise with the earth
bars
you have the crossroad again which
creates this vertical glass slab and
again we can also do that with the bars
and then we have the corner block as
well and this actually look really
really nice and you might not
necessarily see from here but if I try
to actually play some blocks let's
actually see actually see it more
profoundly see that that's a really nice
really nice little look to that as going
there so it does it with the bars as
well so those basically act exactly the
same as one another there the final
mutation was partly brought to my
attention by log stone so it turns out
that falling stained glass now appears
as one single flat color now it
previously had kind of had a bit of
cagey look to it but now they just
appear like this just one single color
so this raises the question what happens
when you summon the pain version of
stained glass the same thing that
happens when you summon regular falling
glass panes except these ones have weird
colors so as I can demonstrate they will
all move in unison because they are the
same tile ID they've just got different
data values and as I move along it will
just change shapes as the half vertical
slab and the corner and there you have
it so there you are the weird mutant
falling sand entity
you